README.md, before:

## React Dashboard — "[isomorphic](http://nerds.airbnb.com/isomorphic-javascript-future-web-apps/)" dashboard template
built with [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/), [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/), [React Router](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/),
[Redux](http://redux.js.org/) and [GraphQL](http://graphql.org/) based on
[React Starter Kit](https://www.reactstarterkit.com) and latest industry best practices.

[Demo](https://flatlogic-react-dashboard.herokuapp.com/). Use following credentials: user/password.

This seed project is a sort of a free version of a template that may be found on
[Themeforest](https://themeforest.net/category/site-templates/admin-templates)
or [Wrapbootstrap](https://wrapbootstrap.com/themes/admin?ref=by) (affiliate link) with working backend integration.
You may use it to bootstrap the development of your next web app.


## Features
* React
* React Router
* Bootstrap3
* GraphQL
* Nodejs backend inegration
* Sass styles
* Webpack build
* Stylish, clean, responsive layout
* Lots of utility css classes for rapid development (flatlogic css set)
* Authentication
* CRUD operations examples
* Browsersync for the ease of development

## Quick Start

#### 1. Get the latest version

You can start by cloning the latest version of React Dashboard on your
local machine by running:

```shell
$ git clone -o react-dashboard -b master --single-branch \
      https://github.com/flatlogic/react-dashboard.git MyApp
$ cd MyApp
```

#### 2. Run `yarn install`

This will install both run-time project dependencies and developer tools listed
in [package.json](../package.json) file.

#### 3. Run `yarn start`

This command will build the app from the source files (`/src`) into the output
`/build` folder. As soon as the initial build completes, it will start the
Node.js server (`node build/server.js`) and [Browsersync](https://browsersync.io/)
with [HMR](https://webpack.github.io/docs/hot-module-replacement) on top of it.

> [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) — Node.js server (`build/server.js`)<br>
> [http://localhost:3000/graphql](http://localhost:3000/graphql) — GraphQL server and IDE<br>
> [http://localhost:3001/](http://localhost:3001/) — BrowserSync proxy with HMR, React Hot Transform<br>
> [http://localhost:3002/](http://localhost:3002/) — BrowserSync control panel (UI)

Now you can open your web app in a browser, on mobile devices and start
hacking. Whenever you modify any of the source files inside the `/src` folder,
the module bundler ([Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/)) will recompile the
app on the fly and refresh all the connected browsers.

For more info please refer to [getting started](./docs/getting-started.md) guide to download and run the project (Node.js >= 6.5)

## Support
For any additional information please refer to [Flatlogic homepage](https://flatlogic.com).

## Community
- [Tweet about it](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Amazing%20dashboard%20built%20with%20NodeJS,%20React%20and%20Bootstrap!&url=https://github.com/flatlogic/react-dashboard&via=flatlogic).
- Follow [@flatlogic on Twitter](https://twitter.com/flatlogic).
- Subscribe to Flatlogic newsletter at [flatlogic.com](https://flatlogic.com/)
- Let's discuss: [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/flatlogic/react-dashboard](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/flatlogic/react-dashboard)

## Premium themes
Looking for premium themes and templates? Check out our products at [flatlogic.com](https://flatlogic.com/products).

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/flatlogic/react-dashboard/blob/master/LICENSE), hell yeah.

Commit message:

misc(readme): add rsk credits & license

README.md, after:

## React Dashboard — "[isomorphic](http://nerds.airbnb.com/isomorphic-javascript-future-web-apps/)" dashboard template
built with [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/), [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/), [React Router](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/),
[Redux](http://redux.js.org/) and [GraphQL](http://graphql.org/) based on
[React Starter Kit](https://www.reactstarterkit.com) and latest industry best practices.

[Demo](https://flatlogic-react-dashboard.herokuapp.com/). Use following credentials: user/password.

This seed project is a sort of a free version of a template that may be found on
[Themeforest](https://themeforest.net/category/site-templates/admin-templates)
or [Wrapbootstrap](https://wrapbootstrap.com/themes/admin?ref=by) (affiliate link) with working backend integration.
You may use it to bootstrap the development of your next web app.


## Features
* React
* React Router
* Bootstrap3
* GraphQL
* Nodejs backend inegration
* Sass styles
* Webpack build
* Stylish, clean, responsive layout
* Lots of utility css classes for rapid development (flatlogic css set)
* Authentication
* CRUD operations examples
* Browsersync for the ease of development

## Quick Start

#### 1. Get the latest version

You can start by cloning the latest version of React Dashboard on your
local machine by running:

```shell
$ git clone -o react-dashboard -b master --single-branch \
      https://github.com/flatlogic/react-dashboard.git MyApp
$ cd MyApp
```

#### 2. Run `yarn install`

This will install both run-time project dependencies and developer tools listed
in [package.json](../package.json) file.

#### 3. Run `yarn start`

This command will build the app from the source files (`/src`) into the output
`/build` folder. As soon as the initial build completes, it will start the
Node.js server (`node build/server.js`) and [Browsersync](https://browsersync.io/)
with [HMR](https://webpack.github.io/docs/hot-module-replacement) on top of it.

> [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) — Node.js server (`build/server.js`)<br>
> [http://localhost:3000/graphql](http://localhost:3000/graphql) — GraphQL server and IDE<br>
> [http://localhost:3001/](http://localhost:3001/) — BrowserSync proxy with HMR, React Hot Transform<br>
> [http://localhost:3002/](http://localhost:3002/) — BrowserSync control panel (UI)

Now you can open your web app in a browser, on mobile devices and start
hacking. Whenever you modify any of the source files inside the `/src` folder,
the module bundler ([Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/)) will recompile the
app on the fly and refresh all the connected browsers.

For more info please refer to [getting started](./docs/getting-started.md) guide to download and run the project (Node.js >= 6.5)

## Credits
This project is heavily based on (is a fork of) [React Starter Kit](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit)
by Konstantin Tarkus ([@koistya](https://github.com/koistya)). The difference is Bootstrap & React Router integration.

## Support
For any additional information please refer to [Flatlogic homepage](https://flatlogic.com).

## Community
- [Tweet about it](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Amazing%20dashboard%20built%20with%20NodeJS,%20React%20and%20Bootstrap!&url=https://github.com/flatlogic/react-dashboard&via=flatlogic).
- Follow [@flatlogic on Twitter](https://twitter.com/flatlogic).
- Subscribe to Flatlogic newsletter at [flatlogic.com](https://flatlogic.com/)
- Let's discuss: [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/flatlogic/react-dashboard](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/flatlogic/react-dashboard)

## Premium themes
Looking for premium themes and templates? Check out our products at [flatlogic.com](https://flatlogic.com/products).

## License

[MIT](https://github.com/flatlogic/react-dashboard/blob/master/LICENSE.txt) and another [MIT](https://github.com/flatlogic/react-dashboard/blob/master/LICENSE-react-starter-kit.txt) from RSK.
