docs/getting-started.md, before:

## Getting Started

### Directory Layout

```
.
├── /build/                     # The folder for compiled output
├── /docs/                      # Documentation files for the project
├── /node_modules/              # 3rd-party libraries and utilities
├── /src/                       # The source code of the application
│   ├── /actions/               # Action creators that allow to trigger a dispatch to stores
│   ├── /components/            # React components
│   ├── /constants/             # Constants (action types etc.)
│   ├── /content/               # Static content (plain HTML or Markdown, Jade, you name it)
│   ├── /core/                  # Core framework and utility functions
│   ├── /data/                  # GraphQL server schema
│   ├── /decorators/            # Higher-order React components
│   ├── /public/                # Static files which are copied into the /build/public folder
│   ├── /routes/                # Page/screen components along with the routing information
│   ├── /stores/                # Stores contain the application state and logic
│   ├── /views/                 # Express.js views for index and error pages
│   ├── /client.js              # Client-side startup script
│   ├── /config.js              # Global application settings
│   ├── /routes.js              # Universal (isomorphic) application routes
│   └── /server.js              # Server-side startup script
├── /tools/                     # Build automation scripts and utilities
│   ├── /lib/                   # Library for utility snippets
│   ├── /build.js               # Builds the project from source to output (build) folder
│   ├── /bundle.js              # Bundles the web resources into package(s) through Webpack
│   ├── /clean.js               # Cleans up the output (build) folder
│   ├── /copy.js                # Copies static files to output (build) folder
│   ├── /deploy.js              # Deploys your web application
│   ├── /run.js                 # Helper function for running build automation tasks
│   ├── /runServer.js           # Launches (or restarts) Node.js server
│   ├── /start.js               # Launches the development web server with "live reload"
│   └── /webpack.config.js      # Configurations for client-side and server-side bundles
└── package.json                # The list of 3rd party libraries and utilities
```

### Requirements

  * Mac OS X, Windows, or Linux
  * [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v5.0 or newer
  * `npm` v3.3 or newer (new to [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/)?)
  * `node-gyp` prerequisites mentioned [here](https://github.com/nodejs/node-gyp)
  * Text editor or IDE pre-configured with React/JSX/Flow/ESlint ([learn more](./how-to-configure-text-editors.md))

### Quick Start

#### 1. Get the latest version

You can start by cloning the latest version of React Starter Kit (RSK) on your
local machine by running:

```shell
$ git clone -o react-starter-kit -b master --single-branch \
      https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit.git MyApp
$ cd MyApp
```

Alternatively, you can start a new project based on RSK right from
[WebStorm IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/help/create-new-project-react-starter-kit.html),
or by using [Yeoman generator](https://www.npmjs.com/package/generator-react-fullstack).

#### 2. Run `npm install`

This will install both run-time project dependencies and developer tools listed
in [package.json](../package.json) file.

#### 3. Run `npm start`

This command will build the app from the source files (`/src`) into the output
`/build` folder. As soon as the initial build completes, it will start the
Node.js server (`node build/server.js`) and [Browsersync](https://browsersync.io/)
with [HMR](https://webpack.github.io/docs/hot-module-replacement) on top of it.

> [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) — Node.js server (`build/server.js`)<br>
> [http://localhost:3000/graphql](http://localhost:3000/graphql) — GraphQL server and IDE<br>
> [http://localhost:3001/](http://localhost:3001/) — BrowserSync proxy with HMR, React Hot Transform<br>
> [http://localhost:3002/](http://localhost:3002/) — BrowserSync control panel (UI)

Now you can open your web app in a browser, on mobile devices and start
hacking. Whenever you modify any of the source files inside the `/src` folder,
the module bundler ([Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/)) will recompile the
app on the fly and refresh all the connected browsers.

![browsersync](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/16006521/react-starter-kit/brwosersync.jpg)

Note that the `npm start` command launches the app in `development` mode,
the compiled output files are not optimized and minimized in this case.
You can use `--release` command line argument to check how your app works
in release (production) mode:

```shell
$ npm start -- --release
```

### How to Build, Test, Deploy

If you need just to build the app (without running a dev server), simply run:

```shell
$ npm run build
```

or, for a production build:

```shell
$ npm run build -- --release
```

After running this command, the `/build` folder will contain the compiled
version of the app. For example, you can launch Node.js server normally by
running `node build/server.js`.

To check the source code for syntax errors and potential issues run:

```shell
$ npm run lint
```

To launch unit tests:

```shell
$ npm test
```

Test any javascript module by creating a `__tests__/` directory where
the file is. Append `-test.js` to the filename and
[Jest](https://facebook.github.io/jest/) will do the rest.

To deploy the app, run:

```shell
$ npm run deploy
```

The deployment script `tools/deploy.js` is configured to push the contents of
the `/build` folder to a remote server via Git. You can easily deploy your app
to [Azure Web Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-service/web/),
or [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) this way. Both will execute `npm install --production`
upon receiving new files from you. Note, you should only deploy the contents
of the `/build` folder to a remote server.

### How to Update

If you need to keep your project up to date with the recent changes made to RSK,
you can always fetch and merge them from [this repo](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit)
back into your own project by running:

```shell
$ git checkout master
$ git fetch react-starter-kit
$ git merge react-starter-kit/master
$ npm install
```

Commit message:

Update npm modules; replace Jest with Mocha

docs/getting-started.md, after:

## Getting Started

### Requirements

  * Mac OS X, Windows, or Linux
  * [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v5.0 or newer
  * `npm` v3.3 or newer (new to [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/)?)
  * `node-gyp` prerequisites mentioned [here](https://github.com/nodejs/node-gyp)
  * Text editor or IDE pre-configured with React/JSX/Flow/ESlint ([learn more](./how-to-configure-text-editors.md))

### Directory Layout

Before you start, take a moment to see how the project structure looks like:

```
.
├── /build/                     # The folder for compiled output
├── /docs/                      # Documentation files for the project
├── /node_modules/              # 3rd-party libraries and utilities
├── /src/                       # The source code of the application
│   ├── /components/            # React components
│   ├── /content/               # Static pages like About Us, Privacy Policy etc.
│   ├── /core/                  # Core framework and utility functions
│   ├── /data/                  # GraphQL server schema and data models
│   ├── /public/                # Static files which are copied into the /build/public folder
│   ├── /routes/                # Page/screen components along with the routing information
│   ├── /views/                 # Express.js views (templates) for index and error pages
│   ├── /client.js              # Client-side startup script
│   ├── /config.js              # Global application settings
│   └── /server.js              # Server-side startup script
├── /test/                      # Unit and end-to-end tests
├── /tools/                     # Build automation scripts and utilities
│   ├── /lib/                   # Library for utility snippets
│   ├── /build.js               # Builds the project from source to output (build) folder
│   ├── /bundle.js              # Bundles the web resources into package(s) through Webpack
│   ├── /clean.js               # Cleans up the output (build) folder
│   ├── /copy.js                # Copies static files to output (build) folder
│   ├── /deploy.js              # Deploys your web application
│   ├── /run.js                 # Helper function for running build automation tasks
│   ├── /runServer.js           # Launches (or restarts) Node.js server
│   ├── /start.js               # Launches the development web server with "live reload"
│   └── /webpack.config.js      # Configurations for client-side and server-side bundles
└── package.json                # The list of 3rd party libraries and utilities
```

**Note**: The current version of RSK does not contain a Flux implementation.
It can be easily integrated with any Flux library of your choice. The most
commonly used Flux libraries are [Flux](http://facebook.github.io/flux/),
[Redux](http://redux.js.org/), and [Relay](http://facebook.github.io/relay/).

### Quick Start

#### 1. Get the latest version

You can start by cloning the latest version of React Starter Kit (RSK) on your
local machine by running:

```shell
$ git clone -o react-starter-kit -b master --single-branch \
      https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit.git MyApp
$ cd MyApp
```

Alternatively, you can start a new project based on RSK right from
[WebStorm IDE](https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/help/create-new-project-react-starter-kit.html),
or by using [Yeoman generator](https://www.npmjs.com/package/generator-react-fullstack).

#### 2. Run `npm install`

This will install both run-time project dependencies and developer tools listed
in [package.json](../package.json) file.

#### 3. Run `npm start`

This command will build the app from the source files (`/src`) into the output
`/build` folder. As soon as the initial build completes, it will start the
Node.js server (`node build/server.js`) and [Browsersync](https://browsersync.io/)
with [HMR](https://webpack.github.io/docs/hot-module-replacement) on top of it.

> [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) — Node.js server (`build/server.js`)<br>
> [http://localhost:3000/graphql](http://localhost:3000/graphql) — GraphQL server and IDE<br>
> [http://localhost:3001/](http://localhost:3001/) — BrowserSync proxy with HMR, React Hot Transform<br>
> [http://localhost:3002/](http://localhost:3002/) — BrowserSync control panel (UI)

Now you can open your web app in a browser, on mobile devices and start
hacking. Whenever you modify any of the source files inside the `/src` folder,
the module bundler ([Webpack](http://webpack.github.io/)) will recompile the
app on the fly and refresh all the connected browsers.

![browsersync](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/16006521/react-starter-kit/brwosersync.jpg)

Note that the `npm start` command launches the app in `development` mode,
the compiled output files are not optimized and minimized in this case.
You can use `--release` command line argument to check how your app works
in release (production) mode:

```shell
$ npm start -- --release
```

### How to Build, Test, Deploy

If you need just to build the app (without running a dev server), simply run:

```shell
$ npm run build
```

or, for a production build:

```shell
$ npm run build -- --release
```

After running this command, the `/build` folder will contain the compiled
version of the app. For example, you can launch Node.js server normally by
running `node build/server.js`.

To check the source code for syntax errors and potential issues run:

```shell
$ npm run lint
```

To launch unit tests:

```shell
$ npm test              # Run unit tests with Mocha
$ npm run test:watch    # Launch unit test runner and start watching for changes
```

By default, [Mocha](https://mochajs.org/) test runner is looking for test files
matching the `src/**/*.test.js` pattern. Take a look at `src/components/App/App.test.js`
as an example.

To deploy the app, run:

```shell
$ npm run deploy
```

The deployment script `tools/deploy.js` is configured to push the contents of
the `/build` folder to a remote server via Git. You can easily deploy your app
to [Azure Web Apps](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-service/web/),
or [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/) this way. Both will execute `npm install --production`
upon receiving new files from you. Note, you should only deploy the contents
of the `/build` folder to a remote server.

### How to Update

If you need to keep your project up to date with the recent changes made to RSK,
you can always fetch and merge them from [this repo](https://github.com/kriasoft/react-starter-kit)
back into your own project by running:

```shell
$ git checkout master
$ git fetch react-starter-kit
$ git merge react-starter-kit/master
$ npm install
```
